Can we listen to drunk man's choir
Skyrim theme? Oh, that would be good.
Just till I get the juices flowing. It's
a good idea.
Today, I'll be attempting the Skyrim 10
quest challenge cuz I wrote some code
that generates two random quests in
Skyrim, such as loot a chest or create
an orphan. And then I have to complete
both of those quests in under 10
minutes. Then I move on to round two. I
get two new quests to beat in 10
minutes. And this overall challenge is
to beat 10 rounds of these random quests
in a row. Cuz if I die or fail to beat
either quest, then the whole thing ends
and I have to start from the very
beginning with a new character. So,
first let's figure out our random
quests.
All right, shut
up. Shut up. Shut up. Stop. Stop. Stop.
We want cheese wheels. Um, so it could
just be like collect 10 cheeses. Put
kill a horse, I guess. How about steal a
horse? I feel like that's more
interesting. Yeah. Kill and then steal a
horse. What do you mean? Steal and kill
a horse. Hit a child. Do we really want
this? And I know by asking this question
now everybody will say yes, but I feel
like it's not that interesting. Hitting
children is pretty pog. Hit two kids.
Oh, okay. You solved all the problems.
Punch three children. It's [__]
weird. I don't really want this in the
list. I'm not doing punch five children.
That's messed up. Okay, these are
probably good. Complete the main quest
line plus the DLC's. Yes. finish the
wizard 101 tutorial. These are good
ideas, guys. Now, on top of these
quests, my code will also pick a random
nerf every round. Like, you can't use
stamina or you can't touch any snow. And
if I break that nerf while playing, I
lose a full minute of game time. I don't
want to make the nerfs too crazy. I want
it to be like focusing on these two
quests that I have to do within 10
minutes and then the nerf is like an
interesting thing as part of it, not
like Doug has to be naked and smothering
himself with spaghetti sauce. So, with
that being said, anything else? You have
to move backwards. This is the thing.
There's lots of ones that are really,
really hard, but I'm worried it's going
to make this too much about crazy nerfs
and not about anything else. Doug has to
be naked and smother himself in
spaghetti sauce. Oh, no. Healing is a
good one. Must do a stationary 360 after
every attack. That one's stupid, but
funny. Your character's 10 times. Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Play at We'll do 0.25 scale.
Wait, we should have children spawn
every second. It's not even a nerf.
That's just annoying. So, we've got a
bunch of nerfs and a bunch of quests.
Oh, and also, every time I die, I have
to play five minutes of Wizard 101 for
no reason. Don't worry about that.
Anyways, let's kick this off by letting
Twitch chat pick a random location on
the map for me to begin the challenge.
Here we go. Okay, most people want me to
start at 6969. That is like halfway up
the mountain randomly. That's going to
be so confusing to get to that spot
specifically. Sucks. This, thank you,
chat, is the starting spot. Very cool.
This actually sucks. I'm going to have
to get down the I'm going to [__]
die. God damn it. Whatever. I do want to
remind everybody I'm not actually good
at Skyrim. So, I'm probably going to
[__] die at this. With that being
said, do you think I will make it
through round one? Most people are
saying no. This is about to be a good
juicy ass day for the believers. That
being said, if my nerf is you can't
touch snow, I am mega [__] All right,
let's see what I get. Here we go. Round
one.
Next round. You must somewhere. No
buying a ro five potions. Okay, but you
can't use stamina. Okay, so I'm going to
head to Riverwood. Oh my god, I just
used
stamina. Okay, when did I do that? I
have to wait for 1 minute. Look, while
this is happening, we will strategize.
I'm going to go to Riverwood along the
way. I want to try to find a hunter or
something cuz they would have a cot on
the ground that I could sleep in.
There's also, I think, a cave nearby, so
maybe I go for the cave. I try to sleep
in there. Maybe I can find five potions
in there as well. Okay, ready, go. So,
can't use stamina. I just need to
remember not to run, but I can use my
kitty claws to attack people. And then
isn't there a cave up here? There is.
There is. Okay, perfect. These are
bandits. Easy. Grab him by the dick.
Okay, we check him for potions. No. And
no. But they have a bed. Beautiful.
Sleep here for 1
hour. How often do these guys have
potions? Is it worth even fighting? I
might be porked.
Potion. Potion. Does wine? Hold on. Does
wine count? Wine is food. Yeah, it is
food. Dude, the odds they have potions
are so low. I mean, we're committed to
the mine. I just need to fully explore
it. Pause. Champ. This needs to have
like five
potions. Zero. Believers. I think we're
parked. I think we're mega porked. We
have just a few minutes left together
before I ban each and every one of you
for getting the answer wrong. Why don't
these people have potions? What is wrong
with them? Okay. Are we sure wine
doesn't count? It's It's a potion. I
found five bottles of wine. Wine counts.
Look, let's put it up to a vote. If I
was allowed to steal, they would have
been fine. There's five potions right
here. Well, hold on,
chat. Just give this one to the
believers. You know, it's a potion of
inebriation, chat. Sorry, believers. I
tried to rig it for you. All right,
that's round one failed. Congratulations
to Wizard 101 fans. Wine should be a
potion of speed because I drive a lot
faster when I drink it. It's more a
potion of fun cuz driving is like way
more fun when you drink it. Okay, time
for round two. I'm picking a new area of
the map. All right, on this screen,
where would you guys like me to start?
And I know it'd be very funny to start
at 6969 again, but it's probably more
funny to start at other places. Wait, is
that high rock? Technically, you can
make me start on the mountain again,
which is stupid. That is the spot that
you selected. Perfect. Yeah, this is
great. Thank you, everybody. I don't
know. It's going to take 5 minutes to
get off the mountain. All righty,
attempt number two. Next round, you must
start the first quest of a faction.
steal and kill a horse, but you can't
pause or use menus. Okay, I can't look
at the map. I think I'm oriented
correctly. Oh [__] that's the wrong
direction. Where's White Run? That's
Whiter Run. Okay, I go this direction.
This should be fine, right? Wait, I
can't heal because I can't use menus.
All right, we got 6 minutes. I think
this is plenty of time. Companions. I'm
going to start the companions quest.
They start out here. I watch them kill
the dragon, right? Then I go talk to
them in Yarvascar. Yorvascar, whatever
it's called. I guess I can help him kill
the dude.
Okay, we talk to you. So now I just go
there, right? Okay, there we go. I'm
just being careful not to open the menu
accidentally. Menus detected. What are
you talking about? That was not a menu.
Talking dialogue is not a menu. It has
to be me like hitting tab or a map or
something. Look, I know the doubters are
shaking and crying and screaming and
vomiting right now because you're
watching your money slip away before
your eyes. But I think this one's
unlocked. We go into Whiter Run.
Fantastic. This also doesn't count as me
opening a menu. This is a loading zone.
Look, just cuz you're shaking and
vomiting and through all of the vomit
you were typing out loading menu and rig
doesn't make it real. That obviously
doesn't make sense cuz otherwise I
couldn't go in anything. We are going to
go to your scur. We're going to start
the companions quest cuz I think you
just talked to the leader, right? And
you're like, I want to join the
companions. And all I have to do is
start the quest. I would like to join
the companions. Master, you're not truly
considering accepting him. Whoa, dude.
They got to hurry. Does this count? I've
started it, right? There we go. There we
go. Completed. Start. All right. [__]
Okay, we don't actually don't have that
much time. I have to go get a horse and
kill it. It's kill then steal. No, it's
steel and then kill. One minute
remaining. Hurry up. Horse steel. We run
away. I'm getting him away from the
guards so I don't die. That's not a
horse menu. And now 27 seconds. Wait,
he's too much health. Stop it. Oh my
god. 15 seconds to spare. Yes. Round one
done. Great job, believers. Round two.
Here we go. Next round. You must kill
five different races of NPCs and
complete any in-game quest. But you
can't use stamina. [__] I'm being
pursued by guards. Okay, hold on.
Strategy. Kill five different races of
NPCs. Bandits are the easiest way to do
this. I need to get arrested by the
guards. Then I can do the quest in the
temple, right? I'm so sorry. I submit.
Take me to jail. Talk to this dude. Get
his amulet for him. It's here, I want to
say. There we go. Excellent. Thank you
for the 15 gold. And now kill five
different races of NPCs. There's bandits
up here on this side of Whiter Run. As
long as they're different races, we
should be good. Careful about stamina.
Yeah, as long as I don't do a heavy
attack, should be fine. This a surprise.
I use stamina. I'm allowed to use menus,
though, so I can sit here. Why did he
power attack? I just have whatever.
Okay, no stamina this time. What type of
person is this? Is this an
orc? No, that's a red guard. Okay, we've
killed a red guard and a Breton. Wait,
hold on. Mud crab is a race. I didn't
even think about that. That's an NPC.
Three out of five. Mud crab is literally
a race. You can do set race mud crab in
the game. It counts as a race. Okay. You
are dark elf. You're new. Easy. You're
imperial. That's five. I'll I'll kill
one more just to be like ultra safe.
This guy down here will get me to the
top. But this is an easy dub. Just got
here. Why is Doug talking about race so
much? I didn't think he was that kind of
streamer. Doug really makes his streams
political nowadays. talking about
everybody's race. Instead of just
enjoying a crab in a video game, he has
to make it about race. Okay, at this
point, I think I just look for supplies,
right? I'm basically killing time. I
just need to be careful not to use
stamina. Health potion. Fantastic. Love
it. Love it.
Next round, you must kill three and
punch three children, but you must do a
360 after every attack. Okay. Honestly,
there would have been three mud crabs,
but I killed one last time. Where are
mud crabs? There's a bunch in that area.
You're alive. One. Cool. Dude, this is
stupid. Okay. All right. That's three.
Wow. So cool. Uh, this is an easy ass
round. Oh, now I can just warp. Make it
look cool when you beat the children.
Well, I'm going to have to beat them in
360. If this turns into a video editor,
can you make this into like a sick Call
of Duty montage? We're going to punch
the child down there. We come up here.
We punch this child. We go up to the
capital and one 360. I'm checking for
children down here. Oh, that's a child.
That's a third child outside. Okay, we
go for this. Bam. All right. Oh, that
was sick. You guys see that? I wasn't
even scoped in. That was a 360. That How
was that not a 360? It was a 180. No, I
turned all the way around. Fail. Okay,
360. Where's the child? Over here. Here.
Wait, is are you the one? Are you the
one? Did I already hit you? Did I hit
you already? [__] If I die, the whole
run's over. Where's the child? Are you
sure I didn't do 360? You I found you.
Come here. And wa, that was sick. You
guys see that bonus one? Oh, she's
fighting me. Okay, that is definitely a
360. And now I get arrested. And now we
have 5 minutes to bask in the victory.
That was a rig. That was a 370. That
just makes it cooler. Just punch the
Charles kids to be safe. I'm definitely
good on children. I did kill three
crabs. We're good. All right, next
round. Round four. Chad GPT gives you a
test and you must sleep somewhere. No
bind, but you must do a 360 after every.
Okay, whatever. We pull up Chad GBT.
Then could you please give me three
simple tasks to complete in Skyrim? And
I get to pick one of these to do. Hunt a
deer for venison. Find and collect five
different flowers. Visit the shrine of
Talos in Whiter Run. Doubters. Doubters.
Doubters. Doubters. You are so [__]
Okay, we'll fast travel to White Run. Do
this after I go sleep somewhere. You can
probably sleep with the family from the
tutorial. I'm not really into guys. Wow.
You guys see that? Whoa. You guys see
that?
Chat, please enjoy. In fact, because I'm
doing so well, I will do a full 24 hours
of sleep.
Notice that chat GPT also said to listen
to Heimsk's speech while you're at the
shrine. Make sure to really take it in.
Okay. What was the exact wording? Wait,
holy [__] You're right. I actually have
to listen to Heimsker's speeches. Hey
everybody. Hey, wake up. Wake up. It's
morning. Wake up. Oh, actually, it's
still pretty late. Let's go listen to
Heimsker's speech, everybody. And there
it is, friends. We are the children of
man. How long do I have to be here? Is
the true I have to listen to everyone.
Yeah, I know. I got to do the shrine. I
was just going to listen first. I was
very entranced. Activate the shrine. It
said listen, not just sit there while he
talks. If you weren't paying attention,
it doesn't count. Fine, I'll listen.
You were once mad. I Oh, it looped. All
right, we're good. Congratulations. We
listened to the speech. You know what
I'm going to do? I'm going to start
working my way towards another town.
Like, if the more fast travel locations
I have, the better, obviously. In fact,
I'll even steal the horse and make my
way over there. Isn't that the horse you
killed? Oh, yeah. All right, next round.
Next round. Kill a town cannot be
arrested and get through Bleak Falls
Barrel, but children spawn every second.
That is not great, I'm going to be
honest. Oh [__] I have to wait. I have
to update my mod. This is bad that I
have to spend like a minute doing this.
You should have to punch every child
that spawns while doing a 360 just for
style. No. Oh, make sure it's working. I
don't like this. Whatever. Here's a
guard. These guys are really strong. Why
are the children attacking me? Ow. [__]
The challenge is town guard. You're not
in town right now. No, that counts. You
know that counts. Okay, town guard's
dead. Town guard's dead. I'm going to
take his stuff just to sell later. Leave
him there naked in the streets. And now
we have to run to Bleak Falls. There are
so many children. They're all walking
back to White Run. I saw you steal that.
Shut up. I have six minutes or so. I
don't have to kill anything. I just have
to physically get through it. This is
the path. I think we're going to be good
actually on time. I forgot all the
children are here, too. I'm sorry, guys.
You're going to have to come into the
temple. They're running in with me. Oh,
[__] What do I do? Uh, what what's the
answer to the puzzle? What's the answer
to the puzzle? Who remembers? Snake.
Snake. Whale. Is snake snake whale?
Shut up. Activate the thing. I keep
talking to the child. Oh my god. What is
the Is it whale? Whale. Snake. Somebody
said snake. Snake. Whale. Shut up. That
was wrong, too. Oh my god. I'm going to
die. What is the middle one? Snake.
Snake. Whale. Is that what I have? I'm
actually going to throw because of this.
Unreal. He's attacking the
children. 1 minute 54 seconds. This is
possible. Shut up, child. I'm sorry. I
shouldn't be yelling. I took my whole
class on a field trip and now I'm
yelling at them. I'm a terrible teacher.
Get out of the way. I'm the teacher. Let
me lead the field trip. Dude, if she
sets off the trap and kills me, I swear
to
God. Oh my god, that hit a child. Is
this the right way? It is. Yeah. And
then you go down here. No, I went the
wrong way. I just threw. I wasted 5
seconds. 1 minute remaining. 1 minute. I
don't think this is happening. Dude, get
out of the way. Get out of the way. I'm
playing a video game. Wait, I'm actually
so close. One, two, three.
No. Four. Three.
Show me.
Wait, did I get that wrong? I got the
door wrong. Oh, do you do each one
twice? Oh, it's two times. All right,
guys. Our field trip's almost over. If
you follow me, you're going to see the
uh famous Bleak Falls barrel waterfall.
You got to move, though. I literally
would have been stuck here because of
the children and unable to beat it. It
is literally blocked with children. This
is not possible.
Oh, of course. I just had to beat them.
It's so simple. Why didn't I realize
that? I needed an extra like minute,
dude. And the game crashed. All right,
it turns out that this Skyrim challenge
is [__] brutal. So, I took a few days
off and came back to this with some even
better quests. Fail a quest. That's kind
of interesting. That would mean you have
to kill the person who gives it to you,
right? Please a random viewer. Why?
Don't phrase it like that. Just say do a
random viewer's quest, but you guys
would just give me like really shitty
quests that are impossible to do. I
mean, I could do like chat picks a quest
and I will allow you guys to vote on
like 10 different quest suggestions.
Whatever pleases you the most. Sit in a
chair. How about sit in 10 different
chairs? That's stupid, but it actually
kind of works. You can't withdraw from a
401k like ever or just today. I wasn't
planning on withdrawing money from my
401k today. Ever withdraw from my 401k?
But I I have a lot of money in there.
That's for my retirement. Nerf roll a
D20 IRL. And if it's a oneman stream,
it's not a nerf. Really? We Okay, we
could do roll a d20 and if it's a one or
a two, I insta lose. That's kind of
funny. All right, let's play some gosh
darn freaking Skyrim. Hell yeah. Can I
get a pogies in the
chat? And also, I wrote some new code
where if Twitch chat spams cinema, then
it pops up an image of Martin Scorsesei.
That way, we can admire any particularly
cinematic gameplay. I really like Martin
Scorsese. I really like Marty's popping
up. All right, let's try this again.
Here we go. Now, you can pick on this
grid where you would like me to start.
You can go near Moral, Solitude,
Dawnstar. We got various options.
However, if you pick 6969, then I'm
removing 5 minutes from the Wizards 101
stream. That is the trade-off that you
must decide, chat. We have our
destination. We picked the other funny
number. We did it, guys. Wait, where did
you put me? Is it here? You guys pick
the worst spots every time. Is everybody
ready? Attempt number one of the
day. Next round. You must gather salmon
from a river and chat picks a quest, but
you can't heal at all. Uh, all right,
chat. You guys need to decide a quest.
Let us vote. It needs to be something
that is doable. Go to
6969. Where was it? Okay, that's not
even on the island. So, I can get there
easy. And I just need to get a salmon
along the way. Ready, set, go. 8 minutes
20 seconds. That's not a ton of time.
Oh my
god. Does that count? I mean, that one
is 100% my fault, but like I fell like 3
ft. Do I have some setting on?
God damn it. Okay, that was stupid. Out
of spite, I'm going to do another round
here. Next round, you must find a new
tavern and sleep in it and fail a quest,
but you must play at 0.25 scale. Does
being small help or hurt
here? Okay, I'm believing. Don't let me
down, dude. You can make a lot of money
if you believe here. Tiny little Doug is
going to get down there. He's going to
fail the [__] out of a quest and I'm
going to sleep at a tavern. I feel like
I'm skiing. More believers are coming
in. They're starting to see how well I'm
playing right now. They're realizing
that I can ski down black diamonds. This
is taking so long. Where is Iver? I's
down here. I'm not even God damn it,
dude. I don't think I'd make it. He's
just a little kitten in a hard world.
True. I just wish the kitten was a
little bit faster. I don't think we're
getting there. I'm going to be honest,
believers. This is the slowest little
kitty cat. They say that cats always
land on their feet.
Two very climactic rounds, ladies and
gentlemen. Attent number three of the
day. I'm feeling good about this one.
The last two were warm-ups and stupid
and not my fault. Cool. Thank you, chat.
You guys have put me
here. Very cool. All righty, we're
starting off. Next round, you must steal
10 shop items. You cannot be arrested.
And you must steal and then kill a
horse, but you play with random run
speed. Okay, random run speed. Wait,
hold on. I was about to say the random
run speed is helpful cuz I can get to a
town and then I realize it's not helpful
because I'm going to jump off of a
mountain and kill myself. Oh my god.
Okay, we just have to move very very
carefully. Wait. Or if I'm not a coward,
I could go here and land in the water.
There we
go. Speed up. Speed up. Speed up. Speed
up. Okay, land in the water. We're now
at Solitude. Okay, this is the general
store, right? All right, we're going to
steal everything and then I should be
able to escape pretty easily cuz I'm so
fast. Mother says she can talk to
people. Shh.
Uhoh. Okay, I knocked everything off the
shelf. I need a count here from chat. 1
2 3 4
5. God damn it. 6 7 [__] Okay, I'm
already being attacked. Okay. Uh, [__]
Four. Okay, I stole five potatoes.
Tomatoes, I mean. Okay, that that's 10,
right? Okay, now we bail. I
[Music]
can't. Okay, now we have to go steal the
horse. I can't see anything. So, okay.
All right. Well, unfortunately, they
can't catch us. Oh, I have to be slow
here. Okay, I'm going to heal up cuz
this will Oh, [__] Never mind. I got to
move. Uh oh, there's a guard right here.
No. Okay, we move really slowly. Really
slowly. God, no. No, no,
dude. It was right there. I literally
died at the horse. Come on,
man. Okay. Uh, sorry, believers. Oh my
god. Ow. Um, you somehow broke my code.
So, this is just the stream now. Wow,
this picture of Doug makes him look so
much younger and hairier and like he
would direct a lot of good mafia movies.
Cinema is so funny to me. I know it'll
get annoying soon, but right now it's
still so funny. Man, you better not fail
all 10 of these challenges or you will
be point crow. Nobody wants that. God,
it's so true. Wait, is point crow
streaming? Oh, he is streaming. Okay,
but it was the classic like I guess you
know they added this feature. I don't
know what it does called knock. Ask to
join the stream. Did that do anything?
What does it do? Doug's knock. I'm
knocking. Dog is knocking. How the [__]
do I accept a knock? What the [__] is
this? Hello. Is anyone home? Who's
there? No, I have I got to wait for the
reply there. Please answer. How do I
accept a What the [__] is this? I don't
know, but I knocked. Doug wants to
collaborate. So, for people who are
wondering, Twitch added this knock
feature a little bit ago where you can
knock on streamers and everybody was
like, "This is stupid. We don't want
this." Oh, join. Wait, you can join the
stream. Did I accept you? What does that
mean? Chat, can you hear? Wait, can you
hear me? Can he hear me? Wait, hold on.
You might be able to hear chat.
Exclamation mark refund is blocked.
Command badly. Wait, I only hear his
TTS. Oh, wait. Okay, it must have hooked
it up to the wrong thing. Anyway, I
guess I knocked correctly or whatever.
Routed for his TTS, I guess. So, if you
guys want to talk to Poin Crow, I guess
you can. All right. So, we're just going
to keep Doug's TTS on, I think. You
know, and his TTS is going to be mine
now. So, if you want to talk to me, you
have to do it through his chat. Sorry
about that, guys. Hard point crow
between you and me. This Doug guy. Am I
right? Am I right? Dude, that's so
crazy. This Doug guy. Oh boy, do I have
stories. So, I guess I'll just put him
up here and that way you guys can talk
to Point Crow through my text to speech,
which is being sent to him because I
knocked on him or something. Hey, point
crow. Glad to see you aren't born. How's
now you guys? This is always what we've
been missing for you guys. The syntax is
I'm having a slippery slimy day. It's
beautiful. And uh at least I'm not bald.
You know that's the ice. As a reminder,
we're playing Skyrim. Okay. Does dog
beat the first round? Predictions up.
Feel free to hang out with Point Crow or
watch me play Skyrim. Okay. Wait, how do
I How do I share chats? Wait, we can
share chats. How do we merge our chats?
I already knocked Oh, Doug has to do it.
Doug has to do it. I can't do it. I
can't do it. What? I already knocked you
up, though. How do I do? Doug, do you
want to cross streams? I would like
that. I don't understand what is going
on here. Start sharing chat. There it
is. Okay. Okay, they're merged. This is
awful. Wait, it shows subscriptions to
me and his channel. So, hold on. Is this
chat now both of our channels? Wait.
Yeah. What do the mods do? Can the mods
ban people in what if somebody in
point's channel says the n-word like
they always do? Can we ban them or no?
We can mod both chats now kind of. Okay.
I see a lot of def faces. Okay. The mods
in both channels are trying to unionize.
So I now have his text to speech
messages. He gets mine. We're going to
play Skyrim. Hey Doug, [__] you. This is
TTS is way cheaper. No, wait. Hold on.
Point Cro, your TTS is too cheap.
They're going to spam it at me. Oh, your
TTS is too cheap. He needs you to make
his TTS more expensive. Sorry. I'm just
saying, you know, get get to a streamer
who cares about the people. Hey, if you
vote for me, I will lower TTS. No, I'll
lower, you know, I'll streamers with the
TTS inflation. I believe in a pure
market. Vote for DoD dog with a with a
free dog for a better future. You know,
trickle down TTS economics. Point Crow
2024. This Douglas guy, he only cares
about the rich. Doug Doug serves the
rich and not the poors. How do I say
vote yay? Oh, vote yeah. Okay, it's not
letting me p Hold on. Am I getting
banned? No, they're not letting me post
my vote message. I'm trying to get
votes. Whatever. All right, let's get
back. As a reminder, everybody, we are
playing Skyrim today. This is now
attempt number five of the just to be
clear, these are the speech messages
from I should probably mute my text,
right? Hey, Duke. When I dug, but points
if I
went in time. Uh, okay. You guys need to
vote. Rejoining the vote. My code can't
even read the messages because this
weird combo thing. Doug, stop talking. I
can't hear. Point crow. What is Doug
even doing on stream? I have no idea. I
I just accepted all of this. I'm going
to pick a starting location of Morthol.
Now, you can say that's rigged. [__]
you, D. We're going to do one round of
having all this on and then we're going
back to normal. We'll see if this helps
me or not. Will point Crow hear the
cinema thing? I need to focus. Wait,
that's a good question.
I think he heard it. The sound effects
work, too.
[Music]
Oh god. Oh no. It's not just TTS. Okay,
it's just Shine. I'm going to Morthol.
Where's Morthol? Uh, the reason TTS The
reason TTS is so expensive is because of
inflation unique to his look up Duck
Duck inflation for more information.
Wait, hold on. Did you coordinate that
or does it just go into both channels
now when you donate? How did you do
that? It doesn't feel like it doubles
up.
It's Is it triggering on both? Oh, wait.
No, it is. Now it's going on his. I
think you donate it goes to both of our
ch. This is not good. Okay, I got to
warn you. Warning. I think if they
donate in either channel, we both get
it. I think that's how shared chat
works. Wait, so we're going to hear
everything twice. Oh, dear god
cinema. I'm doing the third gym in
Kaiso. Meanwhile, I am going to Morthol.
Start this everybody. Let's get our [__]
together. We're playing Skyrim. It's why
everybody's here. This is my starting
location. Morthol. Attempt number six or
something or seven or I don't know 12.
Okay, here we go. Round one is next
round. You must kill an Imperial and
kill three wolves. I can't move left
when you can't move left. I'm sorry.
What was the air horn? Oh, right. He
hears that air horn, too. All right, we
beat the third gym. Oh, we beat the
third gym. Poggies, you guys send a
pogies over to point Grow's channel. I
think that's probably good. Okay, we're
looking for wolves on the way to
Solitude. Anybody know where wolves are?
Where would I find wolves? Which
material is the value
of final pogies? I
guess please learn. Please learn.
Please. God. What is going on over
there? We got to run.
What is going on over there? Is he okay?
I've been going the wrong direction. I
need to find wolves. Okay, there's mud
crabs near this fort. There's got to be
wolves up here probably, right? Wolves.
Hey, Doug. I hope you're doing all
right, man. Hey. Hey, Doug. Can you guys
go into his chat and say, "Doug says
thanks." I am. Doug says, "Thanks."
Awesome. Doug says, "Thanks." Thanks,
guys. Yeah, Doug, what what do I do?
What do I What do I learn growth over?
Solar beam or outrageous? What? I mean,
I know you're really good at 2D
platformers.
Solar beam sounds cool. It says solar
beam. Okay, gotcha. All right, I'll do
solar beam. Thanks, guys, for chatting
to point Crow for me. I'll just blindly
trust him. I believe in you. Where are
wolves?
Oh, that's Oh my god. I'm sorry. I
thought you were a wolf. I'm really
sorry, Chad. That is not on me. Did you
just heard a dog? Don't tell him I heard
a dog. Tell No, tell him I warmed up a
dog. You warmed him up by the fire. He
was cold. Point crow 20. Get you a
streamer who doesn't murder pets. Where
the hell are wolves? Why can't I find
any wolves? Point crow better. Okay, I
have an idea. [__] Four minutes. All
right, I have an idea. I'm going to go
here. There's Imperials here. I can kill
Imperials. Oh, these guys are imperials.
It literally has the Imperial thing.
What the [__] is Doug even doing on his
stream? Imperial.
Okay, we killed him. Are there wolves
here? No, no, no. There's bandits. I
don't think there's wolves. 2 minutes up
here. Maybe
wolf. Um, does that count? Does a fox
ask Point is a fox a bird? I mean a
wolf. Is a wolf a bird? I mean, is is a
wolf a fox thing? Does that count? No.
Ask point crow. He gets to decide. Is a
fox a wolf? It's kind of a wolf. Hey
dog, you yelling, dog. [__] I'm going
I'm going this way. I'm going this way.
2 minutes to find a wolf. Hey dog,
you're going you're going to beat this
challenge, man. I believe in you. Shut
up. You got you guys and you got all the
spirit. You're on quest number one.
You're number one in my heart. Focus.
I'm near Riverwood. There's wolves here.
There's wolves here. This is possible. 1
minute 24 seconds. Tell point crow to
get ready to say pogies. One. Hey, one
wolf. You know, at least I have two
wolves.
And the fox is a wolf, right? Okay,
everybody say. Point crow. Doug needs
you to say that a fox is a wolf.
Everybody tell him that. Point crow. I
need you to say it. I need you to say
it. I need you to say it. 3 2 1.
There's one. I needed 18 extra seconds.
Points crow. Is a fox a wolf? Oh. Oh.
Uh. Oh. A fox. Is a fox a wolf? Uh,
yeah. A fox is a wolf.
That counts. Fox is a wolf. We're on
round two. Hey. Hey. I have goldfish.
They're loosely related to other
animals. So, I would know about this.
This is true. Like foxes and wolves are
a member of the same family as goldfish.
That's true. Okay, I'm continuing this
run. Doug. Doug. Wolf. Hey, of the Why
do they always start at the exact same
time? Wait, I could run code that bans
all of the point crow viewers and then I
turn off the knocking thing and he just
has nobody. Doug is playing to ban I
guess you can Well, if you ban all the
point viewers, I'll ban all the Doug
Doug viewers. Oh [__] he's right. Is it
Is this a nuclear arms race now? Yeah,
this is mutual. I'm just saying like No,
no, he's right. He's right. He's right.
I got my button. I'm ready to press it.
This is mutually assured destruction
truce. No one bans the other
communities. No one ban. No. Hey, stand
down. Stand down. No one bans the other
members from the chat. All right. All
right. All right. All right. All right.
We have a nuclear peace deal. Dude, this
is like actually one of the most insane
parts of the run. And so I have to This
is The amount of concentration I need
for rock tunnel is insane. Oh, wait,
wait. If he really needs to focus, I
heard that you need to focus. I'll make
sure we don't say anything loud or make
any loud noises to shock you. Open the
fire gates. I don't even know if they
work anymore. Hold on. Hey, everybody be
quiet. Blank has to focus.
What is that?
Okay, that one works. What is happening?
Hey, can you keep it down? Point Crow
needs to focus at this part. You keep it
down. Yeah, Jack. Chad, can you guys
keep it? I got to focus here. Okay,
we're going to we're going to play
Skyrim. As a as a remember, we're
playing Skyrim today. Camala Harris is
live. We should add her to the Can I
knock up Ka Harris? Is he knocking?
Wait, can you knock on multiple? I don't
know. I don't know what knocking is.
Wait, why won't it let me knock? Oh, Con
won't let me knock. Tim, I'm here. Tim,
I want to I want to stream with you,
Tim. Timmy, we're here. Knock knock.
Donald is alive. Will Donald Trump let
me?
Donald knock Donald, open up. These
[__] politicians, they're so elite in
their ivory towers. They won't even let
a common person knock on their door
while they're streaming. This feature
sucks. Twitch, how am I supposed to hear
from points chat and my chat and also
Tim Waltz? Honestly, Doug, add
everybody. Knock on every door. You're
not letting me knock up Kamla is being
rude and won't answer the door. Obama
would have let us knock. This is the
stupidest [__] ever. As a reminder, just
so everybody knows, we are playing
Skyrim.
Remember, next round, you must complete
any in-game quest and collect 10
cheeses, but you can't use fast travel.
I There's no cheese in Pokémon. Round
two. I have to complete an in-game
quest. I have to collect 10 cheeses. I
can't use fast travel. Ready, set, go.
We go to Whiter Run. We know where to
steal cheeses from. And the in-game
quest is easy. That's just from Wait, I
haven't killed everybody in this
attempt, have I? That was a different
one. Okay, I'm going to skip some time
by coming up here. I whack him. I
submit. Take me to jail. Okay, we got
arrested. We're at Dragon's Reach. We're
going to complete the quest first. I
agree to find this dude's amulet. Boom.
We go in. Do they put cheese in people's
graves in here? Here's the amulet. Okay.
I can't fast travel, but that's fine.
Okay, quest completed. Easy. Stole a
cheese wheel from the dude I just helped
out. We go here. She actually recently
got a
podcast. And the reason why it's really
funny about that, okay, that's four
cheeses and nobody even knows I'm
stealing based on a hawk dua. It rhymes.
I'm going to walk to a pole on the
stealing. Oh my god. Can he turn his
microphone? Can somebody ask him to turn
his microphone down? Very loud.
Hopefully uh hopefully you guys got
that. I I don't know. My My mic was
pretty loud there, you know. 1 2 3 4.
That's cheese. Ladies and gentlemen, for
all the chaos, that's round two done. We
are on to round three.
Okay, next quest are
next round. Happy New Year. You must
find potions and get a new companion,
but you roll a d20. If one or two, then
death equals delete. Okay, D20. If this
is a one or a two, the run immediately
ends. This would be the most
unsatisfying thing possible. Please,
[Applause]
no. This is the god run. Everything's
coming together. This has to be the
final run. All right, I need money.
However, I could technically scam
people. [__] How do I do the How do I
do the glitch? Drag up. Press E at the
same time. Okay, I'm selling the glitch
work. I'm buying all our bread. I'm
using glitches to make money to get both
quests done. All right, I'm buying her
own potions from her. 1 2 3 4 5. Okay,
now I can steal her money again. So,
I've now come in here, stole all of her
money. I also bought five potions. I
have $651. And now, my beloved chat, I
talked to you. I give her the $500 that
I stole from the alchemist. She is my
companion now. And I [__] did it.
Poggies, can I get a cinema in the chat?
Okay. All right. Round four. You must
sit in 10 different chairs and murder a
friendly NPC. Cannot be arrested. That's
easy. You roll a 20. Tell Tell Point
this is the run. Tell Point this is a
god run. Go knock on him. Sit in 10 of
her chairs. One. Wait. Wait. Hold on.
Hold on. Ask point. Is a bench a chair?
Is a bench a chair? This is the run.
This is the run. If a bench is a chair.
Two. A bench is a chair, by the way.
Yes. Thank you. 100%. There's a fox and
bird. Oh, I have to roll a d20. Okay,
let me do this. Let me get everything
done first. Okay, this is chair number
six. This is a bench. That counts. Chair
number seven. Is this the final one?
This is nine, right? I need one more.
Oh, I am about to take the biggest
[__] sit of my life. Oh, there's
somebody in the
back. This one. 10. That's a good
looking chair. Okay, we are going to You
know what? I'm going to scam this lady
for some more potions. Just take all of
his money. So, I'm going to buy some
clothes here. Black mage robes, iron
boots. Okay, I am decked the [__] out.
Okay, I need to save. Dude, this is the
god run. Uh, where do I go? Who can I
kill that will cause the least problems
for me? I'm trying to kill a friendly
NPC that isn't like in the
city. You are a friendly NPC. I won't
kill the dog. Wait, he's dead. Is a dog
an NPC? Okay, well, whatever. Uh, who
who can I kill that will cause the least
problems? Stop killing dogs, man. Get
you a streamer who doesn't kill dogs.
Point Crow 2024. Don't vote point. He
doesn't kill animals to Dragon Bridge.
That's I think that's the actual
campaign slogan. I'm saying the bar is
on the floor. Yeah, we'll just we'll
just go here, I guess, and then run out.
Is there really no like How much time do
I have? Only a minute and a half. [__]
I got to go. Here we go. We're hoping
for full restores, guys. We're hoping
for full restores here. All right, Hor.
That's what we need. That's what we
need. Full restores. Horar is dead and
we bail. And then the final thing to do
in the last 1 minute is the die. I just
need to roll a d20 and make sure it is
not a one or a two. I am so invested in
this run right now. I really don't want
to lose this.
Uh oh, that's a new one.
Hammer ball. Uh, we need a full restore.
5 4 is good though. Two, one.
You really thought you could get away
with it? With an absolutely ridiculously
cracked run with companions, potions,
money, fast travel locations, it all
falls apart due to a [__] dice roll.
This challenge is impossible. I'm so
sorry, Point Crow. I died. The run is
over. I am now going to play my farewell
song to send off our shared stream into
the sunset. Please enjoy the song of my
[Music]
people. Point Cro, this is what I call
cinema.
Thanks for my answer when I knocked on
your door. I appreciate it. Are you
there?
[Music]